hi lovely girls very happy to see
you on my channel today i would like to
share with you one wonderful
recipe beauty that will allow
restore
hardened dry skin such
boilers to the heel point of the foot
maybe someone of you already knows from 30
better but for those of you to whom it is not
familiar and the basis of our relationship with us
will share
now the onset of cold weather with
the onset of winter is our organism
weakens reject really
huge stress you need to adapt to
new basis and of course suffer in
the first place
skin and hair and here's excessive dryness
skin is such an unpleasant feeling
tightness and dryness and itching can
to say that the body is simply not
lack of particular vitamins it can
be vitamins a and e
my mom faced such a problem
so I tell you about a particular
example
that is, did not try all of a sudden her skin
became very dry
very rude especially
in the area of ​​the elbows in the heel area
no creams helped either butter
nothing so I had to go to
to the dermatologist of the motor cores immediately said
that she just does not have enough vitamin a and e
to solve this problem so she
started taking
if I'm not mistaken vitamin which
called aevit plus a doctor
appointed her here such
the solution is acetate
these but love oil like this
This tool looks like this is a pharmacy
the drug, that is, this remedy is possible
purchase at any pharmacy you need
add to any nourishing cream this
maybe baby cream on your
discretion and add this tool
literally one two droplets and spread
affected skin and here
literally a few days after
of how my mother started
follow this instruction this
recipe
all problems disappeared yes all symptoms all
skin problems become normal and gone
this unpleasant itching feeling hardened
the plots became soft again that is
since after such here
unpleasant
the case happened to my mom me too
I always have that heart 3 draws
and I put it once a week on
hardened areas new to point on
heels that is what i do before
how to go to bed is desirable to do it
in the evening i take my shower i do
peeling feet before doing peeling
Horny areas and I take
any fat cream is good nourishing
cream and add a few drops of acetate
retinol and distribute it properly
if it's feet, then I wear socks yes
so that the product should be absorbed and
the next day the skin is just
unrecognizable
she becomes soft like a child
velvet silk miraculous so if
you also have a problem
dry skin excessive dry skin
rough skin until that nothing
helps try using
retinol acetate literally one two
droplets along with your favorite
nourishing cream
plus everything with the beginning of the fall I started
use vitamins vitamin e
vitamin female vitamin beauty vitamin
antioxidant yes and in fact this
wheat germ capsule enriched as
times vitamin e
these are basic vitamin fatty acids
allows you to fight excessive dryness
skin and anti aging skin as well
helps that is this vitamin i
surely strengthen see oil
wheat germ capsules like this
they look and also i use
omega-3 fatty acids like
besides the most basic purpose
that is, cardiovascular prevention
diseases also make skin and hair
more beautiful so very often
excessively dry skin rough skin
I can already say that
the body simply does not have enough
vitamins and in that case just need
help him and start auxiliary
take beauty vitamins vitamin a
vitamin e and also add a few
retinol acetate drops your favorite cream
thus, such a mixture will help to remove
dead body lice and skin layer to
hardened and plus nourish the skin
saturate it with vitamins
here are some simple secrets hope
they will be useful to you until I
I forgot to ask
do you like the video typewriter that is
shopping clothes
accessories and I don't know horse earrings and so
further or you absolutely what videos are not
interesting please write me below
in the comments I wish you all beautiful
mood thank you so much for
attention see you bye